#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appnope==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-cli
    #   llama-parse
    #   nltk
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-api
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
debugpy==1.8.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
dirtyjson==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   llama-index-core
    #   openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jedi==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jiter==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema-rs==0.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-api
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
langchain-core==0.3.34
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
langchain-openai==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph==0.2.69
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-api
langgraph-api==0.0.22
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-api
langgraph-cli==0.1.71
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-sdk>=0.1.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-api
langsmith==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph-api
llama-index-core==0.12.16.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-parse
llama-parse==0.5.20
    # via -r requirements.in
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   llama-index-core
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
numpy==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
openai==1.61.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-parse
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-api
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
    #   llama-index-core
pyzmq==26.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
ratelimit==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
    #   llama-index-core
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy[asyncio]==2.0.37
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
sse-starlette==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-api
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
starlette==0.45.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-api
    #   sse-starlette
structlog==24.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-api
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph-api
    #   llama-index-core
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
    #   llama-index-core
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
    #   nltk
    #   openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   langchain-core
    #   llama-index-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   llama-index-core
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-api
    #   sse-starlette
watchfiles==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph-api
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecated
    #   llama-index-core
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
